pulse counter: Show how calculations are made (#861)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/power_meter.rst

    :align: center
    :width: 80.0%

.. note::

>     Some energy meters have an exposed S0 port (which essentially just is a switch that closes), if 
>     that is the case the photo diode can be replaced with the following connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some energy meters have an exposed S0 port (which essentially just is a switch that closes), if
    that is the case the photodiode can be replaced with the following connection.
```

Reviewer: Additionally this kinda unrelated to the PR presented... Should this have been a separate PR?

Author: Well it could, but this is more of an "update doc" pr so perhaps we could just update the name.
